Update how to share a pack or a game template (#289)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/community/guide-for-submitting-an-example/index.md

---
title: Guide for submitting examples
---

# Guide for submitting examples

> Submitting example is a great way to contribute to GDevelop and help others. If your example is good enough, it will be accepted to the example library and will be available in GDevelop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submitting an example is a great way to contribute to GDevelop and help others. If your example is good enough, it will be accepted to the example library and will be available in GDevelop.
```

## Check if the same example already exists

> The first thing you should do is check if an example that does the same thing already exists. You won't be excited to take your time making something that already has been done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing you should do is check if an example that does the same thing already exists. So you don't spend your time making something that has already been done.
```

>     Full games templates are good candidates to be sold in the asset store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Full game templates are good candidates to be sold in the asset store.
```

### Make a game as a proof of concept

A game that is as simple as possible. The amount of content should be kept to the bare minimum. Visual effects are welcomed but functions must be used to avoid to cluttered events.

### Showcase engine or extension features

> A toy that uses some features in a smart or fun way. They are a good way to show how a feature may help to make a game without actually making one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A project that uses some features in a smart or fun way. They are a good way to show how a feature may help to make a game without actually making one.
```
